 In this video you'll see 10 best
places to visit in Rome plus two bonus tips at the end of the video. And don't forget to like this video
and subscribe to our channel. The suggestions are based
on our several exciting trips to Rome. Here are our top 10 picks. Number 1: Circus Maximus Circus Maximus is an ancient Roman
chariot racing Stadium and mass entertainment venue. It was the first and largest stadium
in ancient Rome. It could accommodate over
150,000 spectators. The site is now a public park. Number 2: Colosseum Colosseum is the largest amphitheater ever built and it's made of concrete and stone. Construction was completed in the year 80.
It was designed to accommodate an estimated 80,000 visitors. It was used for
gladiatorial contests, public spectacles, animal hunts, executions, reenactments
of famous battles and dramas based on classical mythology. Earthquakes over
time caused great damage to the structure Number 3: Roman Forum Roman Forum is a forum surrounded by the ruins of several important ancient government
buildings right next to the Colosseum. Forum was the center of day-to-day life
in Rome, for example, elections, processions, criminal trials, public speeches
and commercial affairs were held there. The Roman Forum developed
organically over many centuries. Number 4: Altar of the Fatherland Altar of the Fatherland is a monument built in honor
of the first king of unified Italy, Victor Emmanuel. This largest monument in Rome was controversial since its construction
destroyed a large part of the hill and the medieval neighborhood.
The terrace of the building offers an amazing panoramic view of Rome. Number 5: Pantheon Pantheon is a former Roman temple
and is now a church. It is the best preserved ancient Roman monument. The word Pantheon is a Greek
adjective meaning "honor all gods". The Occulus in the center of the building is
the main source of natural light. It truly is a majestic building. Number 6: Trevi Fountain Trevi Fountain is one of the most
famous fountains in the world. The legend says that whoever
drinks the water from the fountain or throws a coin in it,
will ensure his return to Rome. No wonder we were in Rome all the time. Number 7: Spanish Steps Spanish steps are a monumental stairway
of 135 steps that were built in the 18th century by a French diplomat who wanted
to connect Spanish Embassy and the Trinita de Monte church. As the widest stairway in Europe it quickly became one of the major Roman attractions. Every spring part of the steps are covered in flowers. Number 8: Villa Borghese Villa Borghese is a landscape garden containing several buildings and villas,
museums and other attractions. In 1605 they began turning this former vineyard
into extensive gardens. The park was remade to its current form
in the 19th century in English style. The city of Rome later bought the property
and turned it into a public park Number 9: Castle Sant'Angelo Castle Sant'Angelo was initially commissioned
by the Roman Emperor Hadrian as the mausoleum for himself and his family. This extraordinary round-shaped building was
later used by the Popes as a fortress and a castle and is now a museum. It lays just outside Vatican City. Number 10: Vatican Although Vatican City is an
independent state since 1929 it is located within Rome. Vatican has been the residence of the Pope since 1377. Don't forget to visit Saint Peter's
Square and Basilica If you want to see the Vatican Museums
where you'll also see the Sistine Chapel, be sure to enter from a different street. It is absolutely worth seeing. Number 11: Piazza Navona Whoa, wait, aren't you guys doing TOP 10? Yeah, true, but since Rome is such a special place
it deserves one more Piazza Navona is a square
located in the heart of Rome It is built on Dominitian's ancient stadium
and it's surrounded by beautiful renaissance and baroque buildings and
it features magnificent fountains. And here are the two bonus tips that we promised. Bonus number 1: Pyramid of Cestius Did you know that Rome has its own pyramid? Over 2,000 years old pyramid of Cestius is an ancient pyramid that lays next to Porta San Paulo, the ancient gates to the city of Rome. It was built for as a tomb for Gaio Cestio Epulone,
a member of the Epulones religious corporation Since 2015 the pyramid is open to public
only on certain days. Bonus number 2: The Mouth of Truth The Mouth of Truth is a marble mask in Rome. It probably depicts the face of a sea god.
Historians aren't quite certain what the original purpose of the disk was, but
the legend says, that if you lie when you place your hand inside it, the mouth will
cut your hand. Plus an Extra Super Super Bonus: Villa D'Este Villa d'Este is a 16th century villa
in the town of Tivoli approximately 45 minute-drive from Rome
famous for its terraced hillsides Italian Renaissance garden and
especially for its profusion of fountains. It is now an Italian State Museum
and it's listed as a UNESCO world heritage site Of course, there are many
other things to see in Rome such as Baths of Caracalla,  Piazza del Popolo,
Tiber Island and many more. We created a Google map with all these suggestions.
Check the description below. If you like this video give it a big thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe to our channel. We upload new videos every Wednesday. Ciao!