 Rome, the Eternal City. After several trips to Italy, we finally managed
to visit our biggest oversight: the capital! From wandering through Roman ruins to devouring
pizza, and climbing up lookout points to feasting on gelato, in this travel guide, we’re going
to share with you 20 things to do in Rome, Italy (Roma, Italia): Alright guys so right now we are in Piazza
Navona and the wind is blowing. Yes. In case you can't tell. There is a lot of noise there is quite a bit
of construction going on. But yeah this is a pretty cool piazza. It is really long and it has a bit of a strange
shape. Yeah. And that is because it used to be a hippodrome
and this is where charriots would race around. Yeah. And right in the middle we've got this obelisk
that looks straight out of Egypt. Yeah. And we've got like 3 fountains with these
marble statues. It is really impressive. It is really impressive and the nice thing
about visiting early in the morning like we are is that it is not too crowded at the moment. Yeah. Just you know the garbage trucks. Just the trash banging. That is all. Construction and garbage. That is all. Services. But yeah they also have a lot of restaurants
and like outdoor cafes where you can sit around and just enjoy the scenery. So it looks like a cool spot. You can tell this place would really come
alive in the afternoon and in the evenings. Yeah. Alright so we continued walking from Piazza
Navona and we've reached Campo de' Fiori. Yeah. Our first market in Rome (Roma). Yeah. I've been wanting to visit a market the whole
time we've been here. And this has been awesome like at first we
thought this was entirely a flower market. Yeah. But there is actually it is actually mostly
a produce market. Yeah. There is also you can buy things like cheese,
you can buy have little nibbles. There is restaurants nearby. Uh huh. And we've also noticed some specialty shops. And there was one particular shop that had
like the most delicious looking pesto. It is very tempting like we've still got a
lot to do today but I'm tempted to buy a little bit of that pesto and take it home. And I have to say they have a lot of cheese
mongers here. Yeah they do. Yeah. And if you just walk through the market like
you get these aromas. Oh I know. It is just amazing smelling the cheese. I could make a meal just wandering around
this market snacking. We're really getting hungry. We're getting hungry yeah. Pizza is coming up soon. A few blocks from there, we finally reached
Roscioli, which to our taste buds was the best pizza in Rome. Here pizzas are served by the weight and you
take whatever comes out of the oven first. We came here for lunch and ended up sampling
7 different pizzas, some with some rather unusual toppings. Okay so we are starting with our first batch
of pizza and they had three different kinds ready. So we have mozzarella. Rossa which just means red. And pizza bianca. Yeah. Which is just plain. This is all about the bread and the texture
of the bread. Oh my gosh it all looks so good. And apparently we have more pizza coming out
of the oven in 3 minutes. Yeah, different kinds. Yeah, let's get started with this. Oh that is so good. Is it good? I love it. It is just a little bit of tomato sauce and
then you have the pieces of mozzarella. A little bit of olive oil drizzled on top. And I like the consistency of the bread. It is a little bit crunchy and crispy. But super light. This place is a true institution. Like it has been around since the early 19th
century so. Mmmhmm. Oh, wow. This is a beautiful tomato sauce. Are you ready with your camera? Oh, yes there is more? Oh wonderful. There is more pizza coming. Oh wonderful. Excellent. Woah. Oh, let's get some of that. Oh woah. Wow. That looks beautiful. Thank you. We're going to have one of each. Alright boys here we go. Alright so the last two ones to try. So mine is black cabbage. Yes. Apparently it has going to have a smoky flavor. That is what the guy told us. You can tell it is really crispy. And a little bitter he said. And Dad you're having what? Broccoli and pork sausage. Alright. Cheers. Let's do a pizza cheers. Pizza cheers. Okay. Pizza cheers. Mmmm. How is that? This one is good. It is quite salty and crunchy. Yeah. This is almost healthy. Almost healthy. Hahaha. Lots of broccoli. We haven't had broccoli in a while have we. I know. It is great. We're getting our vegetables in today. Alright so I'm going to ask all of you guys
do you have a favorite amongst all of the ones we've tried. I think for me out of the specialty ones I
really like the pumpkin. And then I also like the classic. That is your favorite one? Yeah. How about you Audrey? Me. You know what I haven't even tried all them
yet so you'll have to come back to me. That is true. I think Debbie enjoyed the pizza bianca with
mortadella inside. Yep. Yep. So man we've still got a lot left to go. Yeah. I think we can finish it all. I think we can. We're going to try. After all that pizza we went for a bit of
a walk, stopping off at Largo di Torre Argentina. This archaeological site is home to four different
temples, and it also contains part of the portico of Pompey, where Julius Caesar was
killed in 44 BC. Okay so we've come to these ruins. They are called Largo di Torre Argentina. But we're not here for the ruins. Yeah not in particular. I mean they are quite impressive you can't
actually go and visit them on foot but you can view them from a viewing deck. Uh huh. The reason we are here is because there is
a colony of cats. Yes. That is well taken care of by an organization
that feeds them, takes care of them and also sterilizes them. Vaccinates as well. So yeah let's show you some cats living in
ruins. Yes. From there, it was a short walk to the Pantheon,
a former Roman temple turned church, which dates back to the year 125 AD. The Pantheon boasted the world’s largest
cupola up until the 15th century, and it is still the largest unreinforced concrete dome
in existence to this day. That makes it one of the greatest architectural
achievements by the ancient Romans, and it was an attraction we couldn’t miss. And now gelato. We are at Giolitti. Sam's parents have already gone inside so
we're going to follow suit and see what flavors are available. Now a foodie tip: if you want to find the
best gelato, look for colours that are muted and not neon, and keep an eye out for shops
that have small batches as opposed to large mounds of gelato. Okay the boys and their ice creams. Yeah so what flavors did you get? I had Roman Holiday and the Baileys Whisky. What did you think? Awesome. I've got two of them too. So good. Such natural flavors. So delicious. So what did you get? I also got those two but I also got caramel. So I got 3 scoops. And I've been filming so mine is dripping. I really have got to eat it quick. Alright let's dig into that. I'm really curious to see what the Roman Holiday
tastes like. Because it doesn't really list the ingredients. Mmmm. How is Roman Holiday? It is I think it has got like caramel and
rum. Yeah. And I have to say I feel like mine right here
is delicious. I got pistachio, chocolate and coconut. Coconut is the best in my opinion. It is the best coconut ice cream I've ever
had. Wow. This is great. This is so good. Another one of the many things to do in Rome,
was to visit the Trevi Fountain (Fontana di Trevi). This is the largest Baroque fountain in the
city and they say that if you toss a coin over your shoulder, you will one day come
back to Rome. Alright guys so next up we have our ticket
to visit the Colosseum, the Roman Forum and Palatino. Yeah, it is a 3 in 1 ticket. 3 in 1 ticket. It cost 12 Euros per person and yeah we are
finally in. The line was really slow moving. But um I'm finally ready to explore. Let's do it. Let's do it. And now it’s time to talk about Rome’s
most famed attraction: the Colosseum and its surrounding ruins. We started our visit on Palatine Hill (Palatino),
the most central of Rome's seven hills. What visitors see today are the ruins of the
Palace of Domitian, a 1st-century complex, which served as the main imperial palace for
300 years. From there we continued towards the Roman
Forum (Foro Romano). This square was the centre of ancient Roman
life, with government buildings, temples, and markets. And last but not least, we reached the Colosseum
(Colosseo), which was the largest amphitheatre ever built and could hold an estimated 50,000
and 80,000 spectators. Yeah here we are. These are some tired faces. We've just finished oh man visiting all 3
of the sites. Yes. Very impressive. Very crowded and like we knew it was going
to be grand on a large scale but I guess you just don't really you can't really comprehend
it until you're here in person. You are actually walking around on foot. Like it has been a busy day of sightseeing
here. Yeah. Um we are so ready for food. We need lunch. We need lunch. We're like in the angry hanger zone and so
that is the plan at the moment. Lunch is here. Food has arrived and I can't wait to dig in
I'm so hungry. We're having a late lunch it is like 2 o'clock. George's looks really good. Yeah. Pesto. Oh la lah. Oh oh my gosh that is like thick slabs of
bacon it is so good. Really really rich tomato sauce. Nice tastes like hand cut pasta. This is delicious. I believe your sauce is amatriciana. Yeah. He said it was tomato, bacon and cheese. My mood has improved significantly. Yeah? Yeah. And for me. Is it delicioso? I got the gnocchi. Mmmm. Delicioso. Good morning good morning guys. Today we are visiting Vatican City. We sure are and we are starting this video
inside the Vatican Museum (Musei Vaticani) because it was so cold out. We waited for an hour to get in so like our
fingers were starting to go numb. But an hour isn't so bad because they were
trying to scare us the scalpers. They were trying to say it would be like 3
or 4 to 5 hours. Yeah. One of them was like you're going to be here
for 5 hours. I guess if you reserve a ticket online yes
or if you can jump the queue by paying for an advance ticket but it costs more. And now we buy our tickets. Like with the Colosseum (Coliseum), we can
say that this was another impressive sight, but again, it was so crowded that moving through
the galleries was a true feat. Maybe it was our own fault for visiting in
the morning, but truth be told, walking through the Vatican Museum (Musei Vaticani) was more
overwhelming than enjoyable so you’ve been warned. However, this wouldn’t be our last visit
to Vatican City (Città del Vaticano). We did come back once more to climb St. Peter’s
Basilica (Basilica San Pietro in Vaticano). This time, we arrived even earlier and were
standing in line before the gates opened. Yes, there were crowds - I really think there’s
no avoiding them in Vatican City (Città del Vaticano) - but this time it was far more
manageable. Alright guys so this morning we are at Saint
Peter's Basilica. We sure are. And as you can see we are climbing. Yep. We paid 8 Euros to come up. Yes. These are apparently going to be the best
views in the whole city. Yes. I mean Vatican City overlooking Rome (Roma)
and also to see what is in Vatican City (Città del Vaticano). But um something I really want to mention
this morning is that I tried to do this with my Mom late in the afternoon a couple of days
ago and the lineups to get into Vatican City were crazy. Like it was wrapping all the way around the
courtyard. Yeah. But today we came early. We arrived at 8:40am and we got in even before
nine o'clock. Yes. So it is amazing. That is my biggest tip for you guys. If you want to do this come early. Uh huh. Beat the crowds. And check out those mosaics my goodness. All along. Even like the viewing deck is impressive. Yeah. Alright guys we have made it to the halfway
mark. Just behind me. We've got the dome. So still more climbing to do. A few more stairs. Here we go. We are going around the dome now. Everything is crooked. We are walking diagonally. Look at Dad doing a selfie with the thing. Rome is a massive city with heavy traffic
and a lot of tourists, so to escape the noise and the masses, we visited Villa Borghese. This is the third largest public park in Rome
with gardens, villas, and ponds. It may not be the most picturesque in winter,
but the climb up does reward you with views of the city - in particular views of Piazza
del PO-polo, or the people’s square just below. Another place that we went past on our walks
was Castel Sant’Angelo. This structure was commissioned by the Roman
Emperor Hadrian as a mausoleum for himself and his family. It was eventually converted into a papal palace
and fortress, and it is now a museum. We didn’t go inside, but it’s very close
to Vatican City, so it’d be easy to tack on a visit. Okay guys right now we are visiting the Spanish
Steps (Scalinata di Trinità dei Monti) and this is the IT SPOT to chill out especially
if you're a couple. It is romantic. It is just you get a great view from up here. And also it is a great place to go shopping. There is a really main commercial street just
running down that way. Yeah and it is all high end brands. High end. I don't think we'll be doing any shopping
today but uh nice place to go for a walk. And that concludes our tour of the city. As always, we hope that you guys enjoyed following
along and that you got a few ideas of the many things to do in Rome on your own trip. Wishing you happy travels, and we’ll see
you in the next video where we continue our travels through Italy (Italia).